Update Scala CLI as `scala` related docs (#3155)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/guides/introduction/old-runner-migration.md

For more information about the `shebang` sub-command, refer to [the appropriate doc](../../commands/shebang.md).
For more details on how to use Scala CLI in shebang scripts, refer to [the relevant guide](../scripting/shebang.md).

## How to run a main class from compiled sources with Scala CLI?

With the old `scala` runner, running a main class from compiled sources was as simple as passing the main class name 

> as an arg. The old runner would then assume the current working directory is to be added to the classpath and could 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as an argument. The old runner would then assume that the current working directory is to be added to the classpath and could 
```
super minor, but more percise
